Add documentation how to connect to master server (#46)
timiimit/UT4MasterServer: README.md

3. Copy the content and append all of it to your local `Engine.ini` file
    - Windows path: `C:\Users\your_username\Documents\UnrealTournament\Saved\Config\WindowsNoEditor`
4. Register new account in `POST account/api/create/account` endpoint
5. Now you have 2 options:
   1. Option 1 **(recommended)**:
      1. Add `UnrealTournament` parameter to your UT4 shortcut:
      Example:

      ```text
      "D:\Epic Games\UnrealTournament\Engine\Binaries\Win64\UE4-Win64-Shipping.exe" UnrealTournament
      ```

      2. After starting game, you should see login window. Enter your credentials and you should be able to play.
   2. Option 2:
      1. Get `access_token` from `POST account/api/oauth/token` with `grant_type: password`
      2. `GET account/api/oauth/exchange` with Bearer authorization (`access_token` from `POST account/api/oauth/token`)
      3. Add parameters to your UT4 shortcut and replace `your_password_code` with `code` from `GET account/api/oauth/exchange`:

      ```text
      "D:\Epic Games\UnrealTournament\Engine\Binaries\Win64\UE4-Win64-Shipping.exe" UnrealTournament -AUTH_LOGIN=unused -AUTH_PASSWORD=your_password_code -AUTH_TYPE=exchangecode
      ```

>       NOTE: You need to repeat point 2 and 3 if you want to login again.

Reviewer: Due to indentation, list bullets are numbers on 1st level, roman numerals on 2nd level and letters on 3rd level. 
```suggestion
      NOTE: You need to repeat point *b* and *c* if you want to login again.
```

Author: Thanks
